chore: document monorepo limitations (#2461)
biomejs/website: src/content/docs/guides/big-projects.mdx

    ```
4. Now that everything is set up, you have few options. You can run `biome` commands from the root of the project, or from the single packages.
    Biome will respect all settings!
</Steps>

### Limitations and constraints

To keep Biome as fast as possible, the nested configurations are discovered and loaded when at least one of these conditions is met:
- the VCS integration is enabled
- the CLI is run from the same folder where a root configuration file is present
- when running the command `biome search`, or the command `biome migrate`

> - at least a project rule is enabled
> 
> Instead, when you open a project from the LSP editor, Biome will always attempt to discover nested configurations.

Reviewer: The last line makes it sound like the LSP use case is something contrary to the conditions listed, while it could be considered just another condition itself:

```suggestion
- at least one project rule is enabled
- you open a project in the IDE (using our LSP integration)
```
